Using the Figma design as a reference for both challenges affected our coding in a spectacular way. It provided the right coordinates in order to accurately craft what is expected to be seen in the CSS. It is very resourceful in the way that it helps to overcome obstacles with specific details like border radius. 

There are some guidelines that come with the starting files of the challenge. They provide a lot of information. However, there are some minor details that are left out. Every single detail counts when trying to design exactly what the preview file shows. That is where the Figma design comes in to help fill the gap. With the Figma design, most of the challenges that I faced were overcome. And of course, I have some classmates who helped as well by pointing out some CSS tricks from the documentation. 

Feedback is always good to take into consideration. Positive feedback helps me to grow. It is like a mirror of where I am and what I can do to go to the next step. A community that brings people together for a common purpose is something that is intrinsically good for humans, as we are social beings. When this community is a learning resource, that is taking the social aspect and the culture to new heights because through learning we can transcend. Therefore, Frontend Mentor and all the other communities that follow this philosophy are very helpful in the way that they help new developers stay focused on their goals and challenge them in a way that can help them to have a lot of practice and have a great portfolio to show their learning journey.What a great way to show community value.